“It’s not happiness that brings us gratitude. It’s gratitude that brings us happiness.” — Anonymous
“Today, I choose to live with gratitude for the love that fills my heart, the peace that rests within my spirit, and the voice of hope that says all things are possible.”— Anonymous
“Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others.”— Cicero
“I was complaining that I had no shoes till I met a man who had no feet.”— Confucius
“Gratitude opens the door to the power, the wisdom, the creativity of the universe. You open the door through gratitude.”— Deepak Chopra
“Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.”— Voltaire
“An attitude of gratitude brings great things.”— Yogi Bhajan
“Gratitude; my cup overfloweth.”— Anonymous
“Gratitude, like faith, is a muscle. The more you use it, the stronger it grows, and the more power you have to use it on your behalf. If you do not practice gratefulness, its benefaction will go unnoticed, and your capacity to draw on its gifts will be diminished. To be grateful is to find blessings in everything. This is the most powerful attitude to adopt, for there are blessings in everything.”— Alan Cohen
“Don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines.”— Leroy Satchel Paige
“It is only with gratitude that life becomes rich.”— Dietrich Bonhoeffer
“It is not joy that makes us grateful; it is gratitude that makes us joyful.”— David Steindl-Rast
“We can choose to be grateful no matter what.”— Dieter F. Uchtdorf
“Entitlement is such a cancer because it is void of gratitude.”— Adam Smith
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”— Steve Maraboli
“Enough’ is a feast.”— Buddhist proverb
“Act with kindness, but do not expect gratitude.”— Confucius
“Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.”— Paulo Coelho
“Find the good and praise it.”— Alex Haley
“Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.”— Confucius
“Gratitude turns what we have into enough.”— Aesop
“Gratitude changes everything.”— Anonymous
“Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.”— Aesop
“Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude.”— Anonymous
“Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing.”— Mark Twain
“May the gratitude in my heart kiss all the universe.”— Hafiz
“May you wake with gratitude.”— Anonymous
Hope has a good memory, gratitude a bad one.”— Baltasar Gracian
“My day begins and ends with gratitude.”— Louise Hay
“The essence of all beautiful art is gratitude.”— Friedrich Nietzsche
“The more grateful I am, the more beauty I see.”— Mary Davis
“The root of joy is gratefulness.”— David Steindl-Rast
“The struggle ends when gratitude begins.”— Neale Donald Walsch
“Things must be felt with the heart.”— Helen Keller
“Through the eyes of gratitude, everything is a miracle.”— Mary Davis
“What are you grateful for today?”— Anonymous
Gratitude makes sense of your past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow. -Melody Beattie
“The way to develop the best that is in a person is by appreciation and encouragement.”— Charles Schwab
“Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.”— Robert Brault
“The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.”— Dalai Lama
“Gratitude will shift you to a higher frequency, and you will attract much better things.”— Rhonda Byrne
“There are always flowers for those who want to see them.” — Henri Matisse
“We can complain because rose bushes have thorns or rejoice because thorns have roses.”— Alphonse Karr
“There is always something to be grateful for.”— Anonymous
“A sense of blessedness comes from a change of heart, not from more blessings.”— Mason Cooley
“This a wonderful day. I’ve never seen this one before.”— Maya Angelou
“We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.”— Cynthia Ozick
“We must never forget the importance of gratitude.”— Anonymous
“Three meals plus bedtime make four sure blessings a day.”— Mason Cooley
“When a person doesn't have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity.”— Elie Wiesel
When a person doesn't have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity.”— Elie Wiesel
“The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.”— Richard Bach
“When you are grateful, fear disappears, and abundance appears.”— Tony Robbins
“Stop now. Enjoy the moment. It’s now or never.”— Maxime Lagacé
“There is so much to be grateful for, just open your eyes.”— Anonymous
“Make it a habit to tell people thank you. To express your appreciation, sincerely and without the expectation of anything in return. Truly appreciate those around you, and you'll soon find many others around you. Truly appreciate life, and you'll find that you have more of it.”— Ralph Marston
“When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed.”— Maya Angelou
“Wear gratitude like a cloak, and it will feed every corner of your life.”— Rumi
“Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.”— Lucius Annaeus Seneca
“What separates privilege from entitlement is gratitude.”— Brené Brown
“Giving is an expression of gratitude for our blessings.”— Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen
“Walk as if you are kissing the earth with your feet.”— Thich Nhat Hanh
“As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.”— John F. Kennedy
“Showing gratitude is one of the simplest yet most powerful things humans can do for each other.”— Randy Rausch
“It's a sign of mediocrity when you demonstrate gratitude with moderation.”— Roberto Benigni
“Gratitude is the most exquisite form of courtesy.”— Jacques Maritain
"Gratitude is the healthiest of all human emotions. The more you express gratitude for what you have, the more likely you will have even more to express gratitude for.”— Zig Ziglar
“Silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone.”— Gertrude Stein
“The highest tribute to the dead is not grief but gratitude.”— Thornton Wilder
“The smallest act of kindness is worth than the grandest intention.”— Oscar Wilde
“The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.”— William James
“Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.”— William Arthur Ward
“Gratitude is a duty which ought to be paid, but which none have a right to expect.”— Jean-Jacques Rousseau
“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.”— Epicurus
“Be grateful for what you have and stop complaining–it bores everybody else, does you no good, and doesn't solve any problems.”— Zig Ziglar
“Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend.”— Melody Beattie
“When gratitude becomes an essential foundation in our lives, miracles start to appear everywhere.”— Emmanuel Dagher
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”— Albert Einstein
“He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.”— Epictetus
“Gratitude is a powerful process for shifting your energy and bringing more of what you want into your life. Be grateful for what you already have, and you will attract more good things.”— Rhonda Byrne
“The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.”— Seneca
“Gratitude is the sweetest thing in a seeker's life – in all human life. If there is gratitude in your heart, then there will be tremendous sweetness in your eyes.”— Sri Chinmoy
“True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing.”— Seneca
“When we focus on our gratitude, the tide of disappointment goes out, and the tide of love rushes in.”— Kristin Armstrong
“No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.”— Alfred North Whitehead
“Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn, or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute, with love, grace, and gratitude.”— Denis Waitley
“Gratitude is one of the most medicinal emotions we can feel. It elevates our moods and fills us with joy.”— Sara Avant Stover
“Gratitude doesn’t change the scenery. It merely washes clean the glass you look through so you can clearly see the colors.”— Richelle E. Goodrich
“Gratitude unlocks all that’s blocking us from really feeling truthful, really feeling authentic and vulnerable and happy.”— Gabrielle Bernstein
“I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.”— Gilbert K. Chesterton
“No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.”— James Allen
‘Thank you’ is the best prayer that anyone could say. I say that one a lot. Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding.”— Alice Walker
“If a fellow isn’t thankful for what he’s got, he isn’t likely to be thankful for what he’s going to get.”— Frank A. Clark
“Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn’t learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn’t learn a little, at least we didn’t get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn’t die; so, let us all be thankful.”— Buddha
“Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough.”— Oprah Winfrey
“Nothing new can come into your life unless you are grateful for what you already have.”— Michael Bernhard
“If you have lived, take thankfully the past.”— John Dryden
“If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share.”— W. Clement Stone
“Be grateful for what you have and work hard for what you don’t have.”— Anonymous
“So much has been given to me; I have no time to ponder over that which has been denied.”— Helen Keller
Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgiving, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings.”— William Arthur Ward
“If the only prayer you said in your whole life was “thank you,” that would suffice.”— Meister Eckhart
“Learn to be thankful for what you already have, while you pursue all that you want.”— Jim Rohn
“We must find time to stop and thank the people who make a difference in our lives.”— John F. Kennedy
“Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.”— Henri Frederic Amiel
“Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.”— Charles Dickens
“Our favorite attitude should be gratitude.”— Zig Ziglar
“A moment of gratitude makes a difference in your attitude.”— Bruce Wilkinson
“None is more impoverished than the one who has no gratitude. Gratitude is a currency that we can mint for ourselves and spend without fear of bankruptcy.”— Fred De Witt Van Amburgh
In ordinary life, we hardly realize that we receive a great deal more than we give and that it is only with gratitude that life becomes rich.”— Dietrich Bonhoeffer
“Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.”— Marcel Proust
“At times, our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.”— Albert Schweitzer
“Hardship is a blessing when it spurs effort and development; ease is a curse when it increases complacency and self-indulgence.”— Muso Kokushi
“The real gift of gratitude is that the more grateful you are, the more present you become.”— Robert Holden
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.”— Brian Tracy
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”— Roy T. Bennett